.TH grml-lang 1
.SH "NAME"
grml-lang \- configure keyboard layout on grml system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B grml-lang
.I language
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B grml-lang
configures the keyboard layout for grml systems by setting up
/etc/default/keyboard with the appropriate XKB layout, variant, and options.
The tool immediately applies the keyboard configuration to both the console
and X11 sessions.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.B language
Required language/keyboard code. The tool will abort with an error if
an unsupported language code is provided.
.SH SUPPORTED LANGUAGES
at, ch, de, dvorak, en, es, fr, hu, it, jp, uk, us
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B grml-lang de
Configure German keyboard layout with nodeadkeys variant
.TP
.B grml-lang us
Configure US keyboard layout
.TP
.B grml-lang dvorak
Configure Dvorak keyboard layout
.TP
.B grml-lang en
Configure US keyboard layout (English in Austria)
.TP
.B grml-lang ch
Configure Swiss German keyboard layout
.SH FILES
.TP
.B /etc/default/keyboard
System keyboard configuration file
.TP
.B /usr/share/grml-autoconfig/language-functions
Language and keyboard layout definitions
.SH NOTES
grml-lang only configures keyboard layouts and does not affect system
locale settings like LANG or LC_* variables. For locale configuration, use
grml-setlang instead.

The tool requires sudo privileges to modify system configuration files
and apply keyboard settings.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR grml-setlang (8)
for locale configuration,
.BR setupcon (1),
.BR loadkeys (1),
.BR keyboard (5)
.SH AUTHOR
grml-lang was written by Michael Prokop <mika@grml.org> and the grml team.
.PP
This manual page was written for the grml project.
