.TH grml-setlang 8
.SH "NAME"
grml-setlang \- set language system-wide on grml system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B grml-setlang
.RI " [ <language> ] "
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B grml-setlang
configures system-wide language and locale settings for grml systems.
It sets environment variables for language, locale collation, time formatting,
and timezone in /etc/default/locale. The tool can run interactively with
a dialog interface or non-interactively with a language parameter.

If the specified locale is not available, grml-setlang will automatically
generate it using locale-gen (unless locales-all package is installed).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B language
Language/locale code to configure non-interactively. If not provided,
launches an interactive dialog for language selection. If the provided
language is not supported, grml-setlang will abort with an error.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B grml-setlang
Launch interactive dialog to select language
.TP
.B grml-setlang de
Configure German language
.TP
.B grml-setlang at
Configure Austrian German
.TP
.B grml-setlang en
Configure English (Austrian localization)
.TP
.B grml-setlang us
Configure American English
.SH FILES
.TP
.B /etc/default/locale
System-wide locale configuration file
.TP
.B /usr/share/grml-autoconfig/language-functions
Language definitions and mappings
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR grml-lang (1)
for keyboard configuration,
.BR locale-gen (8),
.BR locale (1)
.SH AUTHOR
grml-setlang was written by Michael Prokop <mika@grml.org>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Michael Prokop
<mika@grml.org> for the grml project (but may be used by others).
