.TH GRML-UDEV-REBUILDFSTAB 8
.SH NAME
grml-udev-rebuildfstab \- scan for new devices and add entries to /etc/fstab
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP

\fBgrml-udev-rebuildfstab\fP updates /etc/fstab for available devices and
partitions.

.SH DETAILS ABOUT GENERATION OF /etc/fstab

If the file /etc/fstab is not present at all a default file will be
generated. As devices are added or removed to the system, new entries for
for these devices will be added to /etc/fstab. Please note that entries
are added to the end of /etc/fstab, so you should \fBnot\fP add your own
devices below any lines containing "Added by GRML" but instead \fBabove\fP
the line \'"Warning!  Please do....\'".

If a partition contains a filesystem with a filesystem label on it, an entry
with LABEL= is generated so you can run \'mount /media/$LABEL\'. If multiple
filesystems have the same filesystem, label entries with UUID= are generated
instead so uniqueness for mounting filesystems can be guaranteed. If duplicate
labels are present but UUIDs are not set it is falling back to normal
/dev/ice-schema. For present filesystem labels see /dev/disk/by-label/* for the
label<->partition mapping.  If you want to get details about a filesystem (and
if a label is defined) run \'"/lib/udev/vol_id /dev/ice\'". If you want to
disable the LABEL feature take a look at the FAQ below.

External USB Devices are named usb-sd*.

.SH FAQ
.TP
.B How to disable the LABEL-feature?

Set the boot option 'nolabel'.

.TP
.B How do I set uid/gid for the user(s) who should be allowed to access the device?

Adjust CONFIG_FSTAB_USER and CONFIG_FSTAB_GROUP in /etc/grml/autoconfig. Further
updates will then use these new values.

.SH BUGS
Please report any problems you notice. See http://grml.org/bugs/ for details.
.SH AUTHOR
grml-udev-rebuildfstab was written by Ulrich Dangel and Michael Prokop.
.PP
This manual page was written by Michael Prokop <mika@grml.org>
for the grml project (but may be used by others).
