.TH GRML-AUTOCONFIG 8
.SH NAME
grml-autoconfig \- script and configuration framework for the grml system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B grml-autoconfig
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B grml-autoconfig
command and the identically named framework.
.PP
\fBgrml-autoconfig\fP is an interface to the framework named grml-autoconfig.
/etc/init.d/grml-autoconfig is the main script of the grml-system where
all the hardware recognition and activation of services take place.

grml-autoconfig supports an adjustable configuration via the configuration
file named /etc/grml/autoconfig. The script named \fBgrml-autoconfig\fP is
a simple dialog-based interface to the configuration file. You can either
use the script for configuring grml-autoconfig or modify the configuration
file manually on your own (there is no interference).

The grml-autoconfig package creates three initscripts on installation:
/etc/init.d/bootlocal.first, /etc/init.d/bootlocal.middle and
/etc/init.d/bootlocal.last.

They are created in the maintainer scripts of the grml-autoconfig package.
This means they are not part of the package itself and therefore also not
marked as configuration files of the package. As a result the files won't be
touched anymore, neither when upgrading nor when removing the package! If you
want to add your own bootup commands you can use these files.
/etc/init.d/bootlocal.first is executed at the very beginning, in runlevel 'S'.
/etc/init.d/bootlocal.middle is executed right before startup of
grml-autoconfig itself in runlevel '2' only (where grml-autoconfig is located
as well).  Finally /etc/init.d/bootlocal.last is executed as one of the last
initscripts in runlevel '2' only.

.SH OPTIONS
The program grml-autoconfig does not support any options but needs to be run
with root permissions as it modifies a system wide configuration file (/etc/grml/autoconfig).
.SH FILES
.I /etc/init.d/grml-autoconfig
.RS
Init-script which runs the commands defined in /etc/grml/autoconfig.functions
after checking configuration file /etc/grml/autoconfig.
.PP
.RE
.I /usr/sbin/grml-autoconfig
.RS
Dialog interface to the configuration file /etc/grml/autoconfig.
.PP
.RE
.I /etc/grml/autoconfig
.RS
Configuration file for grml-autoconfig framework. You can either edit this configuration
file manually of use the dialog interface /usr/sbin/grml-autoconfig.
.PP
.RE
.I /etc/grml/autoconfig.functions
.RS
Main functions of the grml-autoconfig. You do not need to configure or execute the file.
For debugging purposes you can source this script also from within an interactive
shell and run specific functions afterwards.
.PP
.RE
.I /etc/grml/lsb-functions
.RS
Based on /lib/lsb/init-functions this file provides an adjusted
version of an lsb-like booting sequence.
.SH BUGS
If you find a bug please report it. See http://grml.org/bugs/
for details about bug reporting.
.SH AUTHOR
grml-autoconfig was written by Michael Prokop <mika@grml.org>
.PP
This manual page was written by Michael Prokop <mika@grml.org>,
for the grml project (but may be used by others).
